Release Notes for FG/NG Mar 15 2023 (#977)
harness/developer-hub: docs/first-gen/firstgen-release-notes/harness-saa-s-release-notes.md

If you don't see a new feature or enhancement in your Harness account, it might be behind a Feature Flag. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.

### March 15, 2023, version 787xx

#### Early access

> - Large repos are now supported for [Azure Repo](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/connectors/connect-to-a-azure-repo/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Large repositories are now supported for [Azure Repo](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/connectors/connect-to-a-azure-repo/). This functionality is behind a feature flag: `OTIMIZED_GET_FETCH_FILES`.
```

>   Harness performs a `git clone` to fetch files. If the fetch is timing out, it can be because the repo is too large for the network connection to fetch it before timing out. To fetch very large repos from Azure Repo, enable the feature flag `OPTIMIZED_GIT_FETCH_FILES`. When this feature flag is enabled, Harness will use provider-specific APIs to improve performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harness performs a git clone to fetch files. When fetching very large repositories, the network connection may time out. To fetch very large repositories from Azure Repo, enable the feature flag OPTIMIZED_GIT_FETCH_FILES. When this feature flag is enabled, Harness will use provider-specific APIs to improve performance.
```
